README.md, before:

![Banner](gauguin-app/src/main/play/listings/en-US/graphics/feature-graphic/1.png)

Gauguin
-------

Gauguin is a Sudoku-like game where you solve grids via calculation and logic.

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![Build](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/actions/workflows/build.yml)

[![F-Droid version](https://img.shields.io/f-droid/v/org.piepmeyer.gauguin)](https://f-droid.org/packages/org.piepmeyer.gauguin/)
[![GitHub release (with filter)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/meikpiep/gauguin)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/releases/latest)
[![GitHub Release Date - Published_At](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/meikpiep/gauguin)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/releases/latest)

[![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/meikpiep/gauguin/bug)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/labels/bug)
[![GitHub closed issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/meikpiep/gauguin/bug)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/issues?q=label%3Abug+is%3Aclosed)
[![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/meikpiep/gauguin/enhancement)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/labels/enhancement)
[![GitHub closed issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/meikpiep/gauguin/enhancement)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/issues?q=label%3Aenhancement+is%3Aclosed)

## Installation

Find Gauguin at the following stores:

[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
     alt="Get it on F-Droid"
     height="80">](https://f-droid.org/packages/org.piepmeyer.gauguin/)
[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png"
     alt="Get it on Google Play"
     height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.piepmeyer.gauguin)

## Translations

<a href="https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/gauguin/">
<img src="https://hosted.weblate.org/widget/gauguin/287x66-black.png" alt="Übersetzungsstatus" />
</a>

This project uses [Weblate](https://weblate.org) for translations. [Feel free to help us](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/gauguin/) by translating to any language you speak, complete or review the languages already included:

<a href="https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/gauguin/">
<img src="https://hosted.weblate.org/widget/gauguin/multi-auto.svg" alt="Übersetzungsstatus" />
</a>

## Spread the word

If you like this game, we'd be glad if you support Gauguin by
- Telling your friends!
- Rate or even better review Gauguin on the [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.piepmeyer.gauguin)!
- [Translate Gauguin](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin?tab=readme-ov-file#translations)!
- Join the [discussions](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/discussions)!
- Leave a star here on Github!
- File in any [issues or feature requests](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/issues)!

Thanks for supporting us!

## Third Party Licenses

### Font Lato

Designed by Łukasz Dziedzic, licensed under the Open Font License.

### Drawing 'The Siesta' by Paul Gauguin

Taken from https://www.metmuseum.org/art/collection/search/436449, under Public Domain.

### Signature of Paul Gauguin

Taken from WikiMedia at https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Gauguin_autograph.png, under Public Domain in many countries as the author died in 1903.

Commit message:

Add more difficulty calculations and related documentation (#153)
Includes slight adjustments of the existing difficulties.

README.md, after:

![Banner](gauguin-app/src/main/play/listings/en-US/graphics/feature-graphic/1.png)

Gauguin
-------

Gauguin is a Sudoku-like game where you solve grids via calculation and logic.

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![Build](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/actions/workflows/build.yml)

[![F-Droid version](https://img.shields.io/f-droid/v/org.piepmeyer.gauguin)](https://f-droid.org/packages/org.piepmeyer.gauguin/)
[![GitHub release (with filter)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/meikpiep/gauguin)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/releases/latest)
[![GitHub Release Date - Published_At](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/meikpiep/gauguin)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/releases/latest)

[![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/meikpiep/gauguin/bug)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/labels/bug)
[![GitHub closed issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/meikpiep/gauguin/bug)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/issues?q=label%3Abug+is%3Aclosed)
[![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/meikpiep/gauguin/enhancement)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/labels/enhancement)
[![GitHub closed issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/meikpiep/gauguin/enhancement)](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/issues?q=label%3Aenhancement+is%3Aclosed)

## Installation

Find Gauguin at the following stores:

[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
     alt="Get it on F-Droid"
     height="80">](https://f-droid.org/packages/org.piepmeyer.gauguin/)
[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png"
     alt="Get it on Google Play"
     height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.piepmeyer.gauguin)

## Translations

<a href="https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/gauguin/">
<img src="https://hosted.weblate.org/widget/gauguin/287x66-black.png" alt="Übersetzungsstatus" />
</a>

This project uses [Weblate](https://weblate.org) for translations. [Feel free to help us](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/gauguin/) by translating to any language you speak, complete or review the languages already included:

<a href="https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/gauguin/">
<img src="https://hosted.weblate.org/widget/gauguin/multi-auto.svg" alt="Übersetzungsstatus" />
</a>

## Spread the word

If you like this game, we'd be glad if you support Gauguin by
- Telling your friends!
- Rate or even better review Gauguin on the [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.piepmeyer.gauguin)!
- [Translate Gauguin](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin?tab=readme-ov-file#translations)!
- Join the [discussions](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/discussions)!
- Leave a star here on Github!
- File in any [issues or feature requests](https://github.com/meikpiep/gauguin/issues)!

Thanks for supporting us!

## Calculation of game difficulties

If you are interested in how Gauguin comes to its difficulty ratings, [have a look here](docs/calculating-difficulties.md).

## Third Party Licenses

### Font Lato

Designed by Łukasz Dziedzic, licensed under the Open Font License.

### Drawing 'The Siesta' by Paul Gauguin

Taken from https://www.metmuseum.org/art/collection/search/436449, under Public Domain.

### Signature of Paul Gauguin

Taken from WikiMedia at https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Gauguin_autograph.png, under Public Domain in many countries as the author died in 1903.
